README.md, before:

# Study Notes

This repo contains my personal notes that I take to keep track of what I learn.
Typically in .tex, but .md, html, and .txt are all fair game.

Links to roadmaps:

* [Math Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Math-Roadmap-56469961413643eda505fd6ee49306a7)

* [Math Handbooks](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Math-Handbooks-58f99365ac5f46a3bd230128b74bc086)

* [NLP & CL Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/NLP-CL-Roadmap-205cbedc7fe14bf7bdf7eb70ec3650e4)

* [CS Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/CS-Roadmap-4c5170d2c5b347c78d2f3afb89534225)

* [DS Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/DS-Roadmap-ef09ebe82f4d477b85cb2ad0a7c27d09)

* [Work Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Work-Roadmap-6f30fc9d100f4cbe8f5dddd2a80c14ff?pvs=4)

* [Fitness Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Fitness-und-Routinen-7eb2579bfe2545af8eea3d59c7dd3468)

* [Miscellaneous Reading Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Miscellaneous-Reading-Roadmap-7f0fa819a3f045319650a8ce170914c5)

* [General Background Papers](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/General-Background-Papers-063c579499e9480487761b899af3f28a)

* [Neuro- and Psycholinguistics](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Neuro-and-Psycholinguistics-7ca04f85d42645f5ba255bc0c3224525)

* [Non-English Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Non-English-Roadmap-8c60d4f46196423189d8cdd757056d40)

* [Personalized Polyglot Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Personalized-Polyglot-Roadmap-da0ead801b6946f09b9462209a56205d)

* [Wishlist](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Wishlist-fa8561082c5540f084fea66c949141b0)

Commit message:

chore: migrate from latex to mdbook and make deployable

README.md, after:

# Study Notes

This repo contains my personal notes that I take to keep track of what I learn.
Written in markdown and compiled to HTML using mdbook.

Links to roadmaps:

* [Math Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Math-Roadmap-56469961413643eda505fd6ee49306a7)

* [Math Handbooks](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Math-Handbooks-58f99365ac5f46a3bd230128b74bc086)

* [NLP & CL Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/NLP-CL-Roadmap-205cbedc7fe14bf7bdf7eb70ec3650e4)

* [CS Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/CS-Roadmap-4c5170d2c5b347c78d2f3afb89534225)

* [DS Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/DS-Roadmap-ef09ebe82f4d477b85cb2ad0a7c27d09)

* [Work Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Work-Roadmap-6f30fc9d100f4cbe8f5dddd2a80c14ff?pvs=4)

* [Fitness Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Fitness-und-Routinen-7eb2579bfe2545af8eea3d59c7dd3468)

* [Miscellaneous Reading Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Miscellaneous-Reading-Roadmap-7f0fa819a3f045319650a8ce170914c5)

* [General Background Papers](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/General-Background-Papers-063c579499e9480487761b899af3f28a)

* [Neuro- and Psycholinguistics](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Neuro-and-Psycholinguistics-7ca04f85d42645f5ba255bc0c3224525)

* [Non-English Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Non-English-Roadmap-8c60d4f46196423189d8cdd757056d40)

* [Personalized Polyglot Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Personalized-Polyglot-Roadmap-da0ead801b6946f09b9462209a56205d)

* [Wishlist](https://www.notion.so/isaacriley/Wishlist-fa8561082c5540f084fea66c949141b0)
